add yolact-resnet50-fpn support (#1682)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/yolact-resnet50-fpn-pytorch/yolact-resnet50-fpn-pytorch.md

# yolact-resnet50-fpn-pytorch

## Use Case and High-Level Description

YOLACT ResNet 50 is a simple, fully convolutional model for real-time instance segmentation described in "YOLACT: Real-time Instance Segmentation" [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02689). Model pretrained in Pytorch\* on COCO dataset.
For details, see the [repository](https://github.com/dbolya/yolact).

## Example

## Specification

| Metric                          | Value                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Type                            | Instance segmentation                     |
| GFlops                          | 118.575                                   |
| MParams                         | 36.829                                    |

> | Source framework                | Pytorch\*                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source framework                | PyTorch\*                                 |
```

## Accuracy

| Metric | Value |
| ------ | ----- |
| AP@masks | 28.00%|

> | AP@boxes |30.69%|

Reviewer: This is strangely misaligned.

Author: fixed

- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes, 
- `C` - number of classes. 
2. Detection boxes, name: `boxes`. Contains detection boxes coordinates in a format `[y_min, x_min, y_max, x_max]`, where (`x_min`, `y_min`)  are coordinates of the top left corner, (`x_max`, `y_max`) are coordinates of the right bottom corner. Coordinates are normalized in [0, 1] range. Output shape is [1, 19248, 4] in [B, N, 4] format, where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes. 
3. Masks features prototypes, name: `proto`. Contains the features projection for instance mask decoding. Output shape is [1, 138, 138, 32] in [B, H, W, C], where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `H` - mask height, 
- `W` - mask width, 
- `C` - channels.
4. Raw instance masks, name: `mask`. Contains segmentation heatmaps of detected objects for all classes for every output bounding box. Output shape is [B, N, C] format, where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes, 
- `C` - channels. 

Final mask prediction can be obtained by matrix multiplication of `proto` and transposed `mask` outputs.

### Converted Model

> Converted model outputs are the same like in original model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converted model outputs are the same as in the original model.
```

# yolact-resnet50-fpn-pytorch

## Use Case and High-Level Description

> YOLACT ResNet 50 is a simple, fully convolutional model for real-time instance segmentation described in "YOLACT: Real-time Instance Segmentation" [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02689). Model pretrained in Pytorch\* on COCO dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YOLACT ResNet 50 is a simple, fully convolutional model for real-time instance segmentation described in "YOLACT: Real-time Instance Segmentation" [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02689). Model pretrained in PyTorch\* on COCO dataset.
```

For details, see the [repository](https://github.com/dbolya/yolact).

> .

Reviewer: Mysterious dot.

## Example

## Specification

| Metric                          | Value                                     |
|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Type                            | Instance segmentation                     |
| GFlops                          | 118.575                                   |
| MParams                         | 36.829                                    |
| Source framework                | Pytorch\*                                 |

## Accuracy

| Metric | Value |
| ------ | ----- |
| AP@masks | 28.00%|
| AP@boxes |30.69%|

## Performance

## Input

### Original Model

Image, name: `input.1`, shape: [1x3x550x550], format: [BxCxHxW],
   where:

    - B - batch size
    - H - image height
    - W - image width
    - C - number of channels

   Expected color order: `RGB`.
   Mean values - [123.675,116.28,103.53], scale values - [58.395,57.12,57.375].
   

### Converted Model

Image, name: `input.1`, shape: [1x3x550x550], format: [BxCxHxW],
where:

   - B - batch size
   - C - number of channels
   - H - image height
   - W - image width

Expected color order: `BGR`.

## Output

### Original Model

> 1. Detection scores, name: `conf`. Contains predicted bounding-boxes classes in a range [0, 80]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 80 categories of objects, 0 class is for background. Output shape is [1, 19248, 81] in [B, N, C] format, where

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Detection scores, name: `conf`. Contains score distribution over all classes in the [0,1] range . The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 80 categories of objects, 0 class is for background. Output shape is [1, 19248, 81] in [B, N, C] format, where
```

Reviewer 2: Or they may be in logit format, you  should know better

Author: not rememer exactly, I made support several months ago, but if I dight remember I aplied sigmoid only on masks, scores used as is

Author: yes, they are in [0, 1] range

- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes, 
- `C` - number of classes. 

> 2. Detection boxes, name: `boxes`. Contains detection boxes coordinates in a format `[y_min, x_min, y_max, x_max]`, where (`x_min`, `y_min`)  are coordinates of the top left corner, (`x_max`, `y_max`) are coordinates of the right bottom corner. Coordinates are normalized in [0, 1] range. Output shape is [1, 19248, 4] in [B, N, 4] format, where `B` - batch size, `N` - number of detected boxes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Detection boxes, name: `boxes`. Contains detection boxes coordinates in a format `[y_min, x_min, y_max, x_max]`, where (`x_min`, `y_min`)  are coordinates of the top left corner, (`x_max`, `y_max`) are coordinates of the right bottom corner. Coordinates are normalized in [0, 1] range. Output shape is [1, 19248, 4] in [B, N, 4] format, where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes. 
```

> 3. Masks features prototypes, name: `proto`. Contains the features projection for instance mask decoding. Output shape is [1, 138, 138, 32] in [B, H, W, C], where `B` - batch size, `H` - mask height, `W` - mask width, `C` - channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Masks features prototypes, name: `proto`. Contains the features projection for instance mask decoding. Output shape is [1, 138, 138, 32] in [B, H, W, C], where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `H` - mask height, 
- `W` - mask width, 
- `C` - channels.
```

> 4. Raw instance masks, name: `mask`. Contains segmentation heatmaps of detected objects for all classes for every output bounding box. Output shape is [B, N, C] format, where `B` - batch size, `N` - number of detected boxes, `C` - channels. Final mask prediction can be obtained by matrix multiplication of `proto` and transposed `mask` outputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Raw instance masks, name: `mask`. Contains segmentation heatmaps of detected objects for all classes for every output bounding box. Output shape is [B, N, C] format, where 
- `B` - batch size, 
- `N` - number of detected boxes, 
- `C` - channels. 

Final mask prediction can be obtained by matrix multiplication of `proto` and transposed `mask` outputs.
```
